we're these guys it's poor blasphemous
HD and today we are playing the game
that I like to call in Quan toenail
removal been told by a couple you guys
check this game out I can tell by that
big-ass picture that this is probably
not going to be pleasurable to me in any
way shape or form leggo ingrown toenail
removal surgery I wonder if this is like
a real surgery up in this bitch
hello and welcome to surgery squad's
virtual ingrown toenail what it is baby
I'm dr. Jeff Oh Jeff you through this
procedure today oh that's what's up
homie mr. O'Neill happens when the edge
of the tails down and into the flesh of
the game when this occurs usually a
moderate amount of pain redness and
swelling around the tone homie what's
your acid thing on toenail is usually
caused when extra pressure is applied to
the toe due to shoes that are too nasty
improperly trim toenails foot or toe
deformities injuries and fungal issues
can also be contributing factors so we
got wood mold growing out of the top of
his face to treat an ingrown toenail at
home to relieve some of the pain but
remember that you should never attempt
to remove an ingrown toenail yourself
that's a bit that that's easy I bet it
can have an ingrown toenail it is
recommended that you go to the doctor
immediately now that you understand all
your days of an ingrown toenail let's
put on our gloves and remove one now we
gonna need a whole hazmat suit the fuck
with this shit so let's begin by
disinfecting the toe area now we need to
numb the toe with a local anesthetic
ou have to inject the anesthetic in
several locations around the toes Oh
fuck with needles click where is
indicated ok
[Music]
you can hear it oh wait a few minutes
for the tow to get numb you guys never
play elevator music like this is a
festive situation yeah because good
stuff comes up stabbing someone in the
foot wooden a tall toe is numb place the
special tourniquet around the toe
once the tourniquet will help reduce the
amount of blood coming from the womb
really done that we can move on to
removing the ingrown portion of the
toenail oh the sound silly slide one
blade of the nail and Ville under the
affected nail going to go down the nail
until we feel a little bit of resistance
know our patients going to feel some
pressure as we cut away the ingrown
nails only question I love how doctors
always say this bullshit and then they
like chop off your whole damned finger
every time a little pressure is always
cold from doctors for it's an event like
your balls are being yanked off of you
take the forceps and carefully remove
the ingrown nails this is not great
oh that's not funny man it's getting
kind of messy in there let's clean up
that blood no you think you think you'll
only chopped out half the homies toe
it's getting a little bit a pale yellow
substance right there it looks like the
patient has a bit of infection in the
toe firmly squeeze the edge of the toe
to get as much of that infection out as
you can
how about that lights man
fine about to grab nobody's toe fungus
yeah baby no good sound effects man
that's much better really yeah really
we're going to apply some fennel acid to
the wound
really this will help ensure that the
problem of in growth will not reoccur in
this dome oh you call you're gonna melt
the homeys two off two when you're done
inserting the acid I'll remove the
tourniquet and we'll finish up finish by
applying some antibiotic ointment on a
sterile place it against the toe and
wrap it in a Goslin dejay this is
fantastic job since there was some
obvious affection our patient will be
sent home with a prescription for some
antibiotics too probably to tell our
patient to keep this pills
clean the wound regularly and replace
the bandage two to three times a day
while our patients toenail isn't likely
to regrow his condition is likely to
return if he doesn't take care of his
feet this includes wearing proper
fitting shoes properly trimming his
toenails and keeping his feet clean and
dry and that's how we remove an ingrown
toenail you did a great job today while
you're here try your hand at one of our
other surgeries here at surgery squad
calm
no not the self whatever the hell you do
in life make sure do not get yourself an
ingrown toenail because they will chop
off half your damned foot hope you guys
enjoyed this video I'm not going to eat
for the next 12 hours if you did enjoyed
this video make sure to comment like and
or subscribe we don't we go try some of
these other surgeries I wonder what a
rhinoplasty is actually I would like to
it is such a procedure where you usually
perform in order to improve the function
or appearance of human nose
oh snap I've always wanted to give
somebody a nose job that's not even I
don't even mean that sexually and as
always they should were blasphemous HD
Oh
[Music]